

Or maybe you just like plots and characters and different stories.
I'd say my approach was different - if the material is in the game, it's there for a purpose.
It was there to be seen by players and to be experienced by them. And sometimes, tragedies are more fun than victories. 

I did do the completionist run!
I had a closeted gay paragon Shepard because I thought it was hilarious and he eventually shacked up with Kaidan, saved the world, let no one die, then picked destroy ending because why not.
It went - well, okay, I guess.

However, after that, I wanted some real emotional punches.
I was *pissed as hell* at the [ME3 ending](http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/17ik93m5xahnwpng/original.png) (and I don't think, as another fan, you'll need me to elaborate on why - I loved those characters and I hated how little involvement they had in how things went, and the ending was a total slap in the face to the player and all their work until that point) so I thought you know what, I want a Shepard where this kind of ending makes sense.
Where an ending that's a fuck you to everything Shepard's been trying comes as the topping of a fuck you in the chain of everything that Shepard's done.
Where it isn't a betrayal of all the themes that have been brought up so far but the logical extension of them instead.

And so I made the world's giantest asshole most self-justifying Shepard.
And if you ask me?
It's about as far as you can get from *your* completionist Shepard, but taken with ME3's ending, I think it makes for a far better story.
A renegade lady who wasn't *xenophobic* as much as *very* pro-human, straight but distrusted Jacob and uninterested in any of the alien male love interests (and who killed Kaidan in ME1, woops).
Who was alone from start to end in a quest that only she seemed to really believe in.

Trust me, when you play a character who's a lot more of an asshole but who's a really *determined* asshole, who keeps losing stuff and who has people die but who convinces herself that it's *worth* something, that her mission has to be worth all that, who is willing to make sacrifices that she believes are necessary (when you, the player, know that they aren't) - the 'bad ends' in ME3 make for a fantastic experience.
It's basically the game going 'well Shepard, you fucked up, and this is what you get for it'.

They're not hollow at all, they're fantastic.
The entire game and story turns into Shepard realizing too late that things could've been different and that the state of the universe going to shit is on *them*. They lose everyone who trusted them in some way or another, and *hurt* through it all.
The finale of ME3 goes from a completely unsatisfying throughly annoying ending that ignored the themes of choice and self-determination that had been going on through the game into one final, desperate chance to make it right, instead.

Whatever Shepard picks, I felt a lot more satisfied with *that* story as a whole instead of the 'no one dies' run where it didn't really matter that no one died and that they worked so fucking hard for that - just pick choice A, B or C and that's your ending for you.

Shitty failure Shepard's ending was also a dialogue choice, but that just underscored that she'd burned and destroyed anything else around her - that no one else would stand by her side, that everyone was dead and this was all she had left.
To me, that kind of ending fit much better with the way I'd played her, and I felt far more vicious satisfaction putting that sort of character through it.
Every other *possible* ending that could've been, she'd gone and wrecked through her own shitty actions.
Losing all the choices at the end made *sense*, this time, in the context of her experiences.

Anyway, I still enjoyed the everyone-lives playthrough, but I'd say that the 'everyone dies' route, seeing as it *is* there, also was meant to be played and in fact works pretty well as an overall story where Shepard is the one that's screwed up the whole way.
I don't think of it as *me* killing of those characters off, it's whatever Shepard I'm playing in that particular runthrough that's doing it - a vicious, angry, bitter and ultimately futile Shepard.
The emotional payoff on finishing the series went from 'are you serious is that actually the ending, the fuck' to 'HAHA YES, Shepard fucking deserved that, that was *great*'.

TL;DR: The right way to play it is to experience everything that is there, and then figure out what makes you the most satisfied.
For me, that wasn't a completionist run.
I can play as 'saves everyone' Shepard and also as 'total stupid asshole' Shepard - neither of them are me-the-player, they're just the main characters in their own stories.
The one I find the most hilarious and interesting is the one whose story makes the most sense as a whole, and that's the one where Shepard totally fails save anyone, including herself.

**Edit:** Also, OP, if you're complaining that people who let companions die miss out on content later in the game, you should consider that as a person who played through ME several times (these weren't actually my only Shepards, I have also tried every romance because I wanted to see what all the fuss was about), I've actually experienced far more of it than you have.
The 'but you see less of it if you do this other route' ignores that you can just *play the game again*.

