

I do see a distinction between a pet and livestock, namely that we domesticated those pet animals for the purpose of companionship (and in the case of the dog, a symbiotic relationship involving feeding them scraps for protection against predators that their scent can pick up easier than our sight, particularly at night), and have bonded with them specifically because their utility functions are greater as companions than as meat.
Chickens simply aren't.

Also, again, local farms and humane slaughtering, not factory farming.
As far as I'm aware, chickens at my local farm have their brains destroyed at the stem as quickly as possible while their head is chopped off.
Gory, but painless, as the pain center is instantly destroyed.
And I wouldn't want to witness it, but I would accept that as a humane death (as humane as we can make death, anyway), as it has as little pain as we can deliver.
Admittedly, a better way would be a proper Brompton Cocktail, but that would taint meat, and so is unfeasible.

Finally, here is the big problem I have: It is literally impossible for me to live without other things dying.
I wish it weren't so, but it is.
Carrots get eaten or boiled alive and we have no evidence that suggests, one way or another, if that is causing them suffering, as their nervous system is sufficiently different from us that I believe we wouldn't know what we were looking for.
However, there are plants that emit pheromones to alert other plants of an impending insect-predator's presence and causes other plants in the area of the same type to activate defenses, and other plants that will actively tense up in response to needle pricks (which, further, will stop responding when exposed to typical anasthetics), which tells me that when plants behave in an animal-like manner, they can and do respond to some sort of pain stimuli.

So, I don't consider plants to be necessarily more moral.

Further, I find death by human to be more humane than death by any other cause that most game or livestock animals could hope for.
At the best, chickens, pigs, deer, and cows would have their throats ripped out by weasels or wolves or whatever other predator.
At best they'd die slowly and painfully of some disease that they have no hope of overcoming, or slowly and painfully of starvation after breaking a leg and falling behind their herd.

Nature is not pretty, and we should be working to improve it.
I work best when I've had more to eat than a salad, so in the long run, future animals benefit more by my consumption of meat than they would if I was trying to go vegetarian/vegan.

