

This is one of those views that likes to view production, capital, labor, and all of economics as a zero sum game.
It's not.
Money circulates multiple times in a system, and value is created at each stage.

I.e. you're simplifying it down to a level where it doesn't show all of the uses of the money that actually happen.

I could reduce this down to the absolute simplest case and thus reduce the entire argument to absurdity: a single worker, who owns all of his own tools (that he made himself), makes a doll out of parts he gathers or makes at no cost to himself.
The doll is worth $10.
But since no one in this system actually has $10, no one can buy that doll, and therefore it goes to waste.

Do you see why this reasoning breaks down because it leaves out a lot of economic activity outside of the example shown?
Nothing about scaling that up to a factory changes the reasoning.
The reasoning is just oversimplified and wrong.

In reality, all of the money received by the factory for the dolls goes to someone.
One problem is that typically most companies aren't owned by the "bosses".
They are owned by the owners of the company, which are many and varied, often including the workers in many cases.
The excess value goes to all of them, who spend it on many things.

Of perhaps some of it is retained as capital by the owners.
But what does that really mean?
People don't actually "horde" money in couches.
They invest it in other productive stuff, such as new factories that produce *more* stuff (someone has to pay the people that build the factories), or money that is borrowed by people to start their own businesses.

Now, yes, some businesses fail, and that is by and large where most of the "surplus value" is "wasted".
But only in a very narrow sense, because in the process of being "wasted", it ended up going to other people for the businesses purchases, payrolls, etc.
Additionally, the businesses that succeed end up generating *more* economic activity.

This is no different from any other system, BTW.
In communism, surplus value is also either created (or, alternately and more likely, a shortage occurs because not enough was produced).
The only difference is where the money goes.
In real-world examples of communist states, the money goes to the state, which "wastes" a lot of it in overhead and useless production as well.
Or in some kinds of communism, it goes back to the workers.

Another problem with your view is that factory owners have a lot of ways of disposing of excess inventory, and a lot of incentive to not *create* excess inventory in the first place.
Other systems have less incentive for these corrections to happen, and as a practical matter end up generating even more waste, because the people making the decisions about production don't have as much incentive to get those decisions right.

