
&gt;I believe you are in agreement with that. However, you take the Zeitgeist as pretty much the highest consideration. This is where we disagree. I believe in a shittier today for a better tomorrow, such as how our ancestors had miserable and productive lives that ended up with us living to be 80 and fat.

No, I was only illustrating a hidden and relatable X-factor to get you to open up within your own assumptions and realize [how many other X-factors might exist,](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2rj2bt/50_of_nigeriens_are_under_14_years_old_in/cngsdvf) and to encourage more caution towards unforeseen consequences and butterfly effects.
I chose this approach because your view is highly cerebral and overconfident, seemingly unconcerned with potential consequence, and repackaging gross oversimplification and naive callous as bright utilitarianism (no offense).
I wanted to offer an example that had to do with people, instead of indulging your quasi-psychotic reasoning.

See, psychotic behavior is retarded literally: It comes from a lack of emotional sense and is a developmental disorder. I'm telling you this because you're probably a teen and will grow out of it by interacting with people like you are, and having them challenge you and show disgust.
Psychotics are developmentally stunted because they're antisocial, even when they're around people, and so they never change their view and only develop a 7-year-old view from a little monster into a big monster.
That said, giving you the socio-political consequences of 55 million people missing might change your view, but the stupid and shallow premises would remain untouched.
You might adjust your facts, but not expand your perspective.

See, the reason people are highly sensitive [emotionally] is the same reason you'd turn up the sensitivity dial of a camera, microphone, or any other sensor: Because you're concerned you'll miss something, and are aware of the dangers of missing something.
The mind and emotions operate like extremely complex equipment.
This is why some people are very squeamish; myself not included.
Contrarily, when a person is very confident, it's [almost never because they're on a higher tier of information or understanding](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect), but because they don't even know that they don't know.
In the case of cold utility, often peddled by teens as very novel because life and the self seems very simple to them, because they've such a low tier of contact with the world that it can look simple from a distance.

It's why we recruit teens into the military.
They're very easy to trick and convince to shoot a guy in a field for wearing different clothes without asking a lot of questions or thinking too hard about consequences.

Anyway, that's why I gave that explanation, and you didn't anticipate it, but thought you did, didn't you?
You said I gave the Zeitgeist explanation because it was my best, but it was really tailored to challenge your reasoning style.
You probably don't see yourself as having a predictable reasoning style.
This is the problem with X-factors and complexity.
You don't know what you don't know, you didn't know you didn't know my motivation, and you don't know that the 55 million abortions were a good thing, or what interests were operating in the establishment of them, or the consequences.
So far, the consequences are extremely negative for your generation.

