

You're mistaking what I believe to be a good outcome as different from what you believe to be a good outcome.

Think America in 1000 years.
This America faced a sustainable growth rate.
Imagine this country to be populated by billions of faces.
Pretend that technology has reached such a point that any human can pursue any passion they wish.
These Americans can go enjoy the wilderness of a terraformed planet (or use their immortality to wait until that is possible), enter a virtual reality program and experience any event by any person in history as if it was true, go see dinosaurs at the zoo, pursue as many doctorates as they'd like, increase or decrease their intelligence, and never have to work a day of their lives to earn such privileges.

Now imagine America in 200 years.
Babies were created indiscriminately.
The quality of education regressed and then stagnated to that of the year 1970.
Even with new technology, having enough drinking water and arable land is becoming an issue.
Everything is polluted to hell.
The wealth gap is a factor of ten worse.
The perception of the value of human life goes to zero.

(I am in no way claiming that either one of those imaginary futures would result from having legal/illegal abortion.
My point is that a responsible today allows for a better future.
My illustrations are ridiculous )

Decisions like whether or not the non-existence of 55 million people provides to the greater good have to be faced, such as you said.

Your claim is that the conscious acceptance of deaths providing logistical benefits is damaging to our perception of the value of human life.

That is true, and such sentiment should be properly weighed by someone attempting to assess whether or not these 55 million abortions have had a positive outcome.
This should not overtake their thinking and drown out the other considerations.

I believe you are in agreement with that.
However, you take the Zeitgeist as pretty much the highest consideration.
This is where we disagree.
I believe in a shittier today for a better tomorrow, such as how our ancestors had miserable and productive lives that ended up with us living to be 80 and fat.

I also don't think that the connection between poor education tactics and the "don't think too much" mentalities can be drawn between the zeitgeist claims you're making.
If the quality of life is higher, you'll see higher quality education and the available resources for more to be able to think and live as as they'd like.
If the quality of life is lower, you'll see people working miserable jobs just to be able to eat dinner, the only way to avoid depression would be to not think too much.
Having a low quality of life results in a poor Zeitgeist.

