
&gt;Essentially, i'm emotionally retarded, and instead of giving into my nature and letting my thought process be masturbated from a more standard answer, you're subjecting me to therapy by trying to illustrate that such views are had by inferior humans?

Therapy. 
I like that.
So personal; very theatrical.
Can I comment on your inferior reasoning and why it's inferior without it being a big deal?
This is Change My View.
Did you expect people to *not* shoot holes in your reasoning?

&gt; My inferior mind must be shown new views in order for me to see how wrong my initial view is?

I'm pretty sure that's how everybody's mind works at all times, and that I said that, and you know that :)

I find your passive aggressiveness and focus on superiority and inferiority to be low.
I'd of liked this to have been mature, and you probably should have anticipated people finding your worldview to be wrong on CMV.
To change your view, they inevitably have to think you're wrong on some level of analysis.
Didn't you anticipate your apparent reasoning to be challenged in the least?
Or did I do it too offensively well?

&gt; Teens tricked into joining the military, developmentally stunted, antisocial. These illustrations very clearly show that you are attempting for me to change my view based on your argument that I am inferior

Teens are still developing, you know.
There's [plenty of research](http://www.health.harvard.edu/blog-extra/the-adolescent-brain-beyond-raging-hormones) supporting that their minds aren't fully developed and that they're incapable of certain higher processes regarding emotional awareness.
Also I was careful to say that psychosis was a developmental disorder, and that teenage reasoning only appears quasi-psychotic, but that it's not, in explaining how people think emotionally and why in a way you could understand.

And you can understand it, and do; which is why you're pissed.

I didn't tell you to change your view because you're inferior, and I had the courtesy to explain what you missed and why, which did include a current inability to anticipate consequences (which is in the linked Harvard study) and how changing your view was a part of growing up and why.
Don't try and punish me for talking to you.

&gt; As for your concluding paragraph, it is complete nonsense. There is an assumption every other sentence with the remaining sentences being filled with assertions that you have not been backed with well-founded arguments.

Name one.

&gt; You completely circumvented every single debate being had in this thread and proceeded to ejaculate your rather arrogant assumptions all over the place

If by that you mean I posted my own impressions like everybody else,yeah.
I think you're describing your feelings of how all the other posts were dwarfed in your opinion and are in my post's shadow, and how you hate it.
I like the implied sexual dominance part.
I'll take the ejaculating comment and agree on that.
I really did pound your thread pretty hard with thoughts, and I liked it.

&gt; It seems that you can barely fathom that you *may* be wrong, that you are too intelligent to have to provide any adequate reasoning for yourself.

Well my post was about being wrong as an asset to learning things, but let's not spit hairs.
Yeah it's pretty important to not think what you think is wrong.
There's not a lot of sense in thinking things you don't think are true.

&gt; Also, I don't know where in this thread that I was *very confident* in my views. On the contrary to the Dunning-Krueger effect you are implying that I face, I am very critical of myself and feel incompetent in areas where others rate me as competent. I have not said a single thing in this thread that i've been absolutely sure of

Most folks don't claim to have extreme views unless they have an unhealthy degree of misguided confidence in them.
At least enough confidence to have the gull to say it.
If you came up and said you hated black people I'd also assume you were relatively confident about it, too.
Not exactly humble beliefs, are they.

See, no emotional awareness. Harvard study.
My posts.
Read them.
You don't understand the signals you're sending, and get upset when folks read between the lines because you put the wrong information between them--likely true information.
You probably really do believe America is a better place because of the 55 million abortions its had, and you probably see how shallow and dumb that is in retrospect.
It's good that you've distanced yourself from your view in saying you're not that confident in it.
It's one step closer to abandoning it.

&gt; Really, your argument is absolutely ludacris. It boils down to a well constructed shitpost.

:D

&gt; *those abortions may have been a good thing? you can have that thought??* **you are a retard!** *argue about whether or not these abortions have had a benefit to the country? I think not! you need to expand your perspective to not even consider such things!*

Most people would have thought that, and would have been satisfied to ignore you for this very reason and not respond.
I did anticipate this, and I'm not doing it to troll, but I really do want to change your view--more specifically, that sort of thinking.
It'll go well with you to be smarter than that.

I think it's working.
I think your rage is death throes of a bad way of thinking.
Enjoy it.
People smarter than you have a nasty habit of being a little proud and avoid conflict, and will just judge you when you tell them stuff like that, instead of taking the time to tell you why you're wrong.
Few people are willing to correct even false facts these days, let alone patterns and assumptions.

&gt; Its rather ironic that you are peddling how emotionally retarded I am, yet how you spent the past two comments trying to classify me, inform me of my inadequacies, *subtly be a superior human being,* and also fall under what seems to be the Dunning-Krueger effect yourself

It's Dunning-Kruger.
Also your view didn't anticipate the human element an iota, and that was a lapse in emotion that revealed your age.
Once you learn what you don't know, you will have made a dent in knowledge akin to the damage a dove would do to a mountain if it few by lightly brushing it with the tip of its wing.
In other words, it wouldn't be a drop in the ocean, so if you're squeamish about being ignorant you shouldn't have been born, because everybody is ignorant of most things.
Fixing your thought patterns means you can be like an explorer who can take weirdness as it comes and be ready to deal with it, instead of having a tiff when you get called dumb for calling 55 million abortions a good thing with c.15 whole years of experience.
As for you, fix those thought patterns and get used to it, because you're going to readjust a lot.
Best to find out how to deal with information instead of trying to be "right", because sides are made by and for clergy and politicians, it wont do you any good.

