

One thing not calculated in the slightly psychotic weighing of the value of human life as "useful" is the sociological effect of the 55 million just gone: A Zeitgeist wherein 55 million abortions is weighed as good for industry or not, the resulting thinking it good on account of efficiency, as certain citizens look on themselves and others as a figure or livestock.
The attitude of human value as "what they [potentially] contributed to me/Exxon Mobile" is the spirit of eugenics and genocide, subjects often glorified on reddit.

It's the same problem with war: Once killing foreigners is an acceptable/inevitable means to profit and expand, you find that attitudes exposed to such behavior change with it.
>Other countries also build militaries to do so and to "defend" against each other, and its no longer viewed as a hostile or paranoid thing to do because everybody's doing it and so must do it.
>It becomes a recursive loop and generates a hostile attitude towards foreigners and other countries.

>This works on the inverse too.
When we went to the moon, our horizons and view of mankind changed.
Once we better understood such objects, nature worship definitely changed.
You'll be hard-pressed to find moon worshipers today, and the "religions of the book" may be going out of style as highly literate people have access to more historical data and the time to translate The Bible, Torah, and Quran in context for themselves.
Also, it was once normal for religions to kill masses of unbelievers; now it's seen as wrong, even by the religions themselves.
The Zeitgeist changes, as people's attitudes adjust to new information and ways of life and problem solving.

This Zeitgeist concept is the same problem with the public school.
In it, intelligence is reduced to reciting what one is told to a high degree of accuracy and memorization, data treated as "fact" or "fiction" (in reality, everything is true/untrue depending on it's level of resolution or accuracy), children are moved through by age, graded literally on the same scale as a meat product, and bells move them around.
On this, they're declared intelligent or not, and implicitly worthwhile or not.

The many nuances of intelligence, higher forms of intelligence, varieties of people, and bigger issues like antisocial personality disorder and social skills, are virtually ignored during the developmental period for the "efficient" cattle model.
Good meat or bad meat, instead of people with a variety of skill potential and problems.
We end up with McEducation literally, with a lot of "product" to be "thrown away" and that seen as okay; but the worst thing is not that, but the Zeitgeist within society that people should be "grown", and graded, and that these categories are accurate.
Consequential attitudes include the idea that information will be bestowed to us like our teachers did, that it's "true" or not and that "truth" is available to us in an absolute way, and that smart people are cooperative.
Political parties appeal to these learned biases.
The general attitude among the adult population is "don't think too much", because it's seen as disruptive, problem-making, and culturally odious, and taking sides on trust is often seen as a good thing.

So with 55 million abortions, you're also treated to relaxed attitudes towards eugenics and genocide, and all the warped views of human value and what a "better place" is that come with it.
Decisions are give-and-take and has benefits as well as problems.
You see, there would have certainly been benefits to a preemptive tactical nuclear strike against the USSR, and costs too.
Anybody who denies either is blinded by zeal, and I'm not saying such a strike would have been worth it, only that benefits would exist and it's our job to weigh those against the costs always.
If you cannot see the cost of the 55 million abortions, it means that you should immediately change your view so you can experience the other side of your thinking, which has hijacked your perception and mistaken itself for truth recursively.

