

&gt; Therapy. I like that. So personal; very theatrical. Can I comment on your inferior reasoning and why it's inferior without it being a big deal? This is Change My View. Did you expect people to not shoot holes in your reasoning? If my reasoning is inferior, than prove the original view along with the logic behind it wrong. Its that simple .     

I wouldn't say you shot holes in my idea, more so that you used an unnecessary amount of time and effort to make a few simple points.

&gt; I'm pretty sure that's how everybody's mind works at all times, and that I said that, and you know that :)

Most minds don't work in such a way that they have to ignore information to function.
The claim that one has to be emotionally retarded to have such a thought is ridiculous.

":)"
you seem to have been made mad by my comment and then put anger into the rest of your response.

&gt; I find your passive aggressiveness and focus on superiority and inferiority to be low.

Perhaps it is shallow, but it is the topic you set, no?

&gt; I'd of liked this to have been mature, and you probably should have anticipated people finding your worldview to be wrong on CMV. To change your view, they inevitably have to think you're wrong on some level of analysis.

Of course, but that doesn't mean that I have to agree with you when I see you as wrong.

&gt; Didn't you anticipate your apparent reasoning to be challenged in the least? Or did I do it too offensively well?

I absolutely expected to be chewed alive for every fallacy I had.
What I was *annoyed* by were your unfounded and arrogant assumptions.

&gt; Teens are still developing, you know. There's plenty of research supporting that their minds aren't fully developed and that they're incapable of certain higher processes regarding emotional awareness. Also I was careful to say that psychosis was a developmental disorder, and that teenage reasoning only appears quasi-psychotic, but that it's not, in explaining how people think emotionally and why in a way you could understand.    

There you go again.
You claim i'm too underdeveloped to argue with, I should just accept your view, flush my brain of such thoughts, and continue about my day.
You truly are ridiculous.

&gt; And you can understand it, and do; which is why you're pissed
I didn't tell you to change your view because you're inferior, and I had the courtesy to explain what you missed and why, which did include a current inability to anticipate consequences (which is in the linked Harvard study) and how changing your view was a part of growing up and why.
Don't try and punish me for talking to you.

I'm not anticipating consequences?
That was the entire point of my CMV.
Did you not even read any of this?
Did you not see the note that said that I was fishing for insight into the impact of 55 million abortions
? You could have actually posed consequences to change my view.
And Christ, you said you *had the courtesy to explain this to me*. Kid...

&gt;"As for your concluding paragraph, it is complete nonsense. There is an assumption every other sentence with the remaining sentences being filled with assertions that you have not been backed with well-founded arguments."
&gt;**Name one.**

Anyway, that's why I gave that explanation, and you didn't anticipate it, but thought you did, didn't you? (1) You said I gave the Zeitgeist explanation because it was my best(2), but it was really tailored to challenge your reasoning style.
You probably don't see yourself as having a predictable reasoning style(3).
This is the problem with X-factors and complexity(4).
You don't know what you don't know, you didn't know you didn't know my motivation, and you don't know that the 55 million abortions were a good thing(The point of the thread, no?), or what interests were operating in the establishment of them(The point of the thread, no?), or the consequences(The point of the thread, no?).
So far, the consequences are extremely negative for your generation(heck of a statement without an argument behind it)

&gt; If by that you mean I posted my own impressions like everybody else, yeah. I think you're describing your feelings of how all the other posts were dwarfed in your opinion and are in my post's shadow, and how you hate it.

A little self important eh?

&gt; I like the implied sexual dominance part. I'll take the ejaculating comment and agree on that. I really did pound your thread pretty hard with thoughts, and I liked it.

You seem to be quasi-psychotic

&gt; Well my post was about being wrong as an asset to learning things, but let's not spit hairs. Yeah it's pretty important to not think what you think is wrong. There's not a lot of sense in thinking things you don't think are true.

Rambling on.

&gt; Most folks don't claim to have extreme views unless they have an unhealthy degree of misguided confidence in them. At least enough confidence to have the gull to say it. If you came up and said you hated black people I'd also assume you were relatively confident about it, too. Not exactly humble beliefs, are they.

First of all, your comments, under your own description of the Dunning Krueger effect, have some serious ass Dunning Krueger.
Second of all, I had reasoning behind my views, and was confident about the reasoning, but came here in expectance that there was some reasoning that I had not yet considered which may change my opinion.
I came here to learn.
I came here expecting myself to be proven wrong.
You certainly weren't close to proving anything.

&gt; See, no emotional awareness. Harvard study. My posts. Read them. You don't understand the signals you're sending, and get upset when folks read between the lines because you put the wrong information between them--likely true information.         

Having a thought, however morbid and efficient, is not enough to indicate a lack of emotional intelligence.
People grow up learning different things, and get this, having different views.

Then you go on to, instead of making an actual argument to prove me wrong, to say that I am not capable of holding these views without being inferior.

Really, were you home-schooled?
Your views are indicative of an angsty 20 year old who has not had much world exposure, one that wasn't weened until the age of 15.

You also have special snowflake syndrome.
All you do is sputter about whatever little information that you have while maintaining an illusion of superiority so that i'll trust how very *smart* you sound.
I'm supposed to just accept your views without you proving them to be correct?
This explains how long-winded you are, its apart of the illusion.

Also, your "Harvard studies, read them" was a pretty vain attempt of seeming more intelligent and of having more authority without adding anything new to the discussion.

&gt; You probably really do believe America is a better place because of the 55 million abortions its had

Read: post title.

&gt; and you probably see how shallow and dumb that is in retrospect.

600 people would at least agree that it was an interesting thought.

&gt; It's good that you've distanced yourself from your view in saying you're not that confident in it. It's one step closer to abandoning it.

I'm not going to *abandon* a view, i'm going to be presented with new information that changes my mind.

&gt; Most people would have thought that, and would have been satisfied to ignore you for this very reason and not respond.

Oh?
Then why is this post so popular?
Again, instead of making actual arguments, all you're doing is to attempt to devalue me and the idea.

&gt; I did anticipate this, and I'm not doing it to troll, but I really do want to change your view--more specifically, that sort of thinking. It'll go well with you to be smarter than that.

Visit the subreddit /r/iamverysmart to see your error

&gt; I think it's working. I think your rage is death throes of a bad way of thinking. Enjoy it. People smarter than you have a nasty habit of being a little proud and avoid conflict, and will just judge you when you tell them stuff like that, instead of taking the time to tell you why you're wrong.

You're one of those people you imply?
See: Dunning Krueger.
Also, see the numerous other similar things you've said that don't actually contribute to the discussion, all you're doing is attempting to devalue the argument and myself.

&gt; Few people are willing to correct even false facts these days, let alone patterns and assumptions.

Praise jesus!
this intellectual has blessed me with correcting my false facts! I should be thankful!

&gt; knowledge akin to the damage a dove would do to a mountain if it few by lightly brushing it with the tip of its wing.

Its like you say the same thing over and over again and make it as convoluted as possible

&gt; Fixing your thought patterns means you can be like an explorer who can take weirdness as it comes and be ready to deal with it, instead of having a tiff when you get called dumb for calling 55 million abortions a good thing with c.15 whole years of experience.

Isn't this another one of those places where you were supposed to contribute to the discussion rather than doing your *i'm an intellectual* masturbation?

&gt; As for you, fix those thought patterns and get used to it, because you're going to readjust a lot. Best to find out how to deal with information instead of trying to be "right", because sides are made by and for clergy and politicians, it wont do you any good

Ahh.
I'm susceptible to politics and religion because I disagree with you.
Bonus fedora points!!

