

Essentially, i'm emotionally retarded, and instead of giving into my nature and letting my thought process be masturbated from a more standard answer, you're subjecting me to therapy by trying to illustrate that such views are had by inferior humans?
My inferior mind must be shown new views in order for me to see how wrong my initial view is? (teens tricked into joining the military, developmentally stunted, antisocial.
These illustrations very clearly show that you are attempting for me to change my view based on your argument that I am inferior. )

As for your concluding paragraph, it is complete nonsense.
There is an assumption every other sentence with the remaining sentences being filled with assertions that you have not been backed with well-founded arguments.
You completely circumvented every single debate being had in this thread and proceeded to ejaculate your rather arrogant assumptions all over the place .
It seems that you can barely fathom that you *may* be wrong, that you are too intelligent to have to provide any adequate reasoning for yourself.

Also, I don't know where in this thread that I was *very confident* in my views.
On the contrary to the Dunning-Krueger effect you are implying that I face, I am very critical of myself and feel incompetent in areas where others rate me as competent.
I have not said a single thing in this thread that i've been absolutely sure of.

Really, your argument is absolutely ludacris.
It boils down to a well constructed shitpost.

*those abortions may have been a good thing?
you can have that thought??
* **you are a retard!** *argue about whether or not these abortions have had a benefit to the country?  
I think not! you need to expand your perspective to not even consider such things!*

Its rather ironic that you are peddling how emotionally retarded I am, yet how you spent the past two comments trying to classify me, inform me of my inadequacies, *subtly be a superior human being*, and also fall under what seems to be the Dunning-Krueger effect yourself.

