

Well, first off, there's the fact that most people aren't interested in romance with family members of the opposite sex, but I figure you're excluding that.
So, here's what I've experienced as a 19-year-old male college student.

A lot of the times, yes, women and men do interact in a romantic way, one trying to impress the other to get involved in romance.
It happens.
There are a lot of great, good-looking people out there.
Jeez, my college is known for being the land of partying, gorgeous college people.
But romance just isn't as cut and dry as that.

The one thing I've learned about life and romance going through high school and college? There is no manual.
None.
And we try to define all of these interactions between the sexes as one thing or another because it's easy.
But it really isn't.

I can think a girl is absolutely gorgeous and still be friends with them, mostly because I don't think she's the one for me.
That doesn't devalue them, just because I don't feel like I want to keep someone exclusively to myself doesn't mean I care for them any less.
And just trying to be romantic with women, assuming the endgoal of any compatible people is romance, completely cuts out some of the most beautiful times you can have with people. 
I've taught a friend how to drive, letting her find a passion in a shitty life.
I've spent countless all-nighters with a friend just shooting shit, due to insomnia and boredom.
I've held a friend so close after she told me I was the biggest reason she hadn't killed herself.
I've watched stars fall on a hilltop so clear and beautiful as I called a friend a sister for the first time.
So many interactions.
So many beautiful, hard, wonderful, life-changing experiences I've had because of friendships with women.
And it's no harder than being a friend with a guy, because we seem to forget so many times that women are people too, they are sad, happy, lonely and joyful at times, just like us.
So stop thinking about how it's supposed to be done and just let things go on.
If you want to be exclusive with a girl, go for it.
But sometimes?
Sometimes you love a person without needing to hold them close to you.
Experience that, I beg you.
Something as simple and beautiful as all that should never, ever be left unexperienced.

