
&gt;My plan was to graduate College and join the USHS (the military medical school) and become and Army doctor.

FYI, you don't have to go to USHS to be a military doctor.
You can go to civilian medical school, and get HPSP which is slightly different but accomplishes roughly the same thing.

&gt;The only reservation that I had was that it would be a waste of my time because I want to be a neurosurgeon and that's a looooooooong and rigorous path and that I might be losing precious time by joining the military. 

Well, it's not worth it for the money
. You'll lose money by taking HPSP and especially with USHS (a longer commitment than HPSP).
You'll owe the military tons of time for the training, so you won't be able to enter civilian practice for years.
Civilian neurosurgeons will easily catch up to their debtless peers in the military due to the huge difference in salaries.
A civilian neurosurgeon can make over 400k easily.
A military surgeon will never see that much.
So, with NSRGY you will have a net loss in the military compared to a civilian path with loans.
This is assuming you get a neurosurgery residency in the military, which is suspect.
Neurosurgery is already competitive, and the military's neurosurgery residencies are extremely limited.
You may end up as a general surgeon, or doing several GMO tours before starting your 7 year neurosurgery residency.

&gt;Other things that I've considered: I love the idea of a brotherhood but I don't agree with the ideology

If you're not all in with the military you'll hate being a military doctor.
The only reason to do HPSP or USHS is because you want to be a doctor in the military, not because you want the money.
If you're ambivalent the risk is too great.

&gt;I'm also poor and medical school in the military (from what I understand) pays for smart kids. 

Banks have zero problem giving out loans to medical students.
You'll easily cover your tuition, and while debt sucks you'll easily pay it off after residency.

In short, don't do it unless you are 100% committed to spending about a decade and a half in the military in a speciality that might not even necessarily be NSRGY

