

Let me address this by pointing one thing out: numbers don't lie.
With absolutely anything, there will always be things that people that aren't a fan of.
Make major changes and instead of Person A hating the series and Person B loving it, now Person A loves it and Person B hates it.
You're entirely in your right to feel that CoD is overrated, and personally it seems futile to change this view.
You like what you like. 
I can only provide objective points to maybe calibrate your perspective.

So back to numbers don't lie.
Consider the goal the creators of CoD have.
To make money.
And they consistently perform this goal well year after year.
Now, you're an executive of Activision-Blizzard.
Why would you tell the developers to do a complete 180 on the series, "for change's sake."?
You only run risk and very little reward.
If you stick to the tried and true model they've had, you're very nearly guaranteed to make a certain amount of sales. I'm sure they can graph the sales of each subsequent game and make predictions to the gradual decline with each passing year as more and more individuals grow bored of the CoD formula.

Really, your view of "overrated and overhyped" is nothing more than an idiosyncratic reflection of your own *personal* threshold for formulaic video games.
But this view is separate from the objective success of the series.
If they keep selling games, it means people still enjoy the series for what it is.
The idiom, "Don't fix what isn't broken" comes to mind.
There are more people who still like the series and will buy new iterations without much change compared to the minority who do find it cliche, hackneyed, etc.
I mean, be realistic here, if they promised the most radically new CoD next year, would you buy it?
Probably not.
You have a bias against the series.
Why would their target audience be the people who *don't* like CoD?
It makes no sense.

 The other major point is that video game development is extremely expensive.
Making an entirely new engine is costly, takes years to develop, and you never have a guarantee of financial success upon release.
It makes more sense to stick with the old engine and old code, which drastically reduces the time (and therefore cost) it takes to make a new game.
Brand new engine CoDs likely wouldn't make sufficiently more money to offset their cost to make it.
They aren't a charity, so gamers aren't entitled to it.

