
&gt; There are plenty of other ways to garner positive attention that everyone can agree is positive, instead of morally questionable behavior.

. And yet this is just the interplay of societal values.
Let us not forget that during the Renaissance there was a huge movement for the exploration of the human form as a work of art.
Much of the surviving ancient sculptures and paintings show the nakedness of the human form, and this art compares us to heroes and gods as did much of the writing and philosophy of the time as we tried to figure out our "meaning" in the universe.
Now of course, this is a romantic view of history which takes the surviving works of outstanding people, rather than looking towards the common man... but
certainly that is a point to be made about the modern time as well.
What makes modern sexuality morally abhorrent?
What logical basis is there for the rejection of the human form and the demonizing those who are open about their sexual identity?
Slut shaming, or as you did, calling it as "whoring"?

Certainly in America there is a huge bias against such things, but the basis of that has been our periodic pushes from the church, periods of "Great Awakening" where fundamentalists have tried to restore us to some kind of repressive god-fearing and internalized state of self loathing and cleansing for sin.
Beyond some shell of spirituality, there is no real objective reasoning to be so opposed to sex.
In fact if you look towards Europe, a lot of their media is much more lenient on sex than violence, whereas over here we're more lenient on violence than sex.

&gt; Of course no harm is done, but often this type of behavior CAN come back to haunt the original poster in a number of ways.

The only ways I can think of are people trying to go back and find those pictures and use them against a person as some kind of ad-hominem attack in the public.
This again, though, goes back to a culture which seems unreasonably biased towards sex.
There's this mystique and taboos surrounding it's open discussion which involve shaming and peer pressure, bullying and non-sense.
Why?
Even you've admitted you can't really articulate it you just feel this way because you *just do*. Which is no basis for a logical or reasonable way to think about the world.

